When you explore Linux commands, it is extremely important that you develop a habit of navigating   to  manual pages. 
Because you will find all the variety of options to use a command. I find this super useful when I learn the commands. 
For example you know that you can reset a password for a user with passwd command but you wish to set  the  minimum password lifetime, in days. 
You will find the option in manual page. With hundreds of thousands of commands available it it literally impossible to find examples all the time. 
So you need to master the manual pages.


** Manual page is divided into 8 different segments. **

Example : man passwd will bring  the summery section of all man page for passwd command.


Below are the short description of the 8 different segment of the manual page 


1. Regular user commands  : Commands that can be run from  The shell by a regular user ( typically no  Administrative privilege is needed ). This is useful for regular user


2. System calls : Programming functions used within an application to make calls to the kernel.  This is useful for programmers. 

3. C Library functions :  Programming functions that provide  interfaces to specific programming libraries  Such as those for certain graphical interfaces or other libraries that operate in userspace.Useful for Programmers 

4. Devices and special files  : File system nodes that represent hardware devices  such as terminals or CD drives or software devices Such as random number generator.This is useful for system administrator. 


5.File formats and conversions : Types of files such as graphical or word processing file  or specific configuration files such as password  group file.

6. Games : Games available  on the system . 

7. Miscellaneous  : Overviews of topics such as protocols , file systems  Character set standards and so on. 

8. System administration tools and daemons  : Commands that require root or other administrative  privileges to use.  This is useful for system administrator 








